[IMP] pos: restructure and improve the restaurant category (#3745)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/restaurant.rst

:show-content:

===================
Restaurant features
===================

Managing a restaurant or a bar comes with specific needs. The Point of Sale application provides
various features that allow performing all the required tasks in such businesses.

> Once the POS is set to be used in a restaurant or a bar, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the POS is set to be used in a restaurant or bar, you can:
```
It's the same article for both, so no need to use it twice

- :doc:`Organize your floors and tables to reflect your interior, <restaurant/floors_tables>`
- :ref:`Take orders <floors_tables/orders>`,
- :doc:`Communicate with the kitchen or the bar through the POS, <restaurant/kitchen_printing>`
- :doc:`Print bills in advance and split them, <restaurant/bill_printing>`
- :doc:`Collect tips <restaurant/tips>`, and
- :doc:`Set different taxes for takeaway food <restaurant/fiscal_position>`.

Configuration
=============

To activate the features, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Point of Sale`,

> select your POS, and enable :guilabel:`Is a Bar/Restaurant`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
select your POS, click :menuselection:`Edit --> Is a Bar/Restaurant --> Save`.
```
Since it's in 14, it requires a few more steps than just enabling a feature like in 16
